1. Read an integer value corresponding to a person's age (in days) and print it in years, months and days, followed by its respective message "Year(s)", Month(s), day(s) ”.
Note: only to facilitate the calculation, consider the whole year with 365 days and 30 days every month.


2. Given a sequence, write a program to detect cycles within it.
Input: 2 0 6 3 1 6 3 1 6 3 1
Output: 6 3 1

3. You are given two strings. Determine if the second string is a substring of the first (Do NOT use any substr type library function). The second string may contain an asterisk(*) which should be treated as a regular expression i.e. matches zero or more characters. The asterisk can be escaped by a \ char in which case it should be interpreted as a regular '*' character. To summarize: the strings can contain alphabets, numbers, * and \ characters.

Input:
Hello,ell
This is good, is
CodeEval,C*Eval
Old,Young

Output:
true
true
true
false
                                                                                                                                               
4.Write a program which finds the first non-repeated character in a string.

Input: yellow 
Output: y

Input: tooth 
Output: h

5.Write a program which prints all the permutations of a string in alphabetical order. We consider that digits < upper case letters < lower case letters. The sorting should be performed in ascending order.

Input:
hataht,ath,hat,hta,tah,tha
abc,acb,bac,bca,cab,cba
6Zu,6uZ,Z6u,Zu6,u6Z,uZ6
abc
Zu6

Output:
aht,ath,hat,hta,tah,tha
abc,acb,bac,bca,cab,cba
6Zu,6uZ,Z6u,Zu6,u6Z,uZ6

6.Write a program that reads five integer values. Count how many of these values are even, odd, positive and negative.

7.Write a program which removes specific characters from a string. Each source string and characters you need to scrub are delimited by comma.

Input: how are you, abc  
Output: how re you

Input: hello world, def  
Output: hllo worl

8.You are given a number N and a string S. Print all of the possible ways to write a string of length N from the characters in string S, comma delimited in alphabetical order.

Input: 
1,aa
2,ab
3,pop

Output:
a
aa,ab,ba,bb
ooo,oop,opo,opp,poo,pop,ppo,ppp


9. Having a string representation of a set of numbers you need to print this numbers. All numbers are separated by semicolon. There are up to 20 numbers in one line. The numbers are "zero" to "nine"

Input: zero;one;five 
Output: 015

10. There is a game where each player picks a number from 1 to 9, writes it on a paper and gives to a guide. A player wins if his number is the lowest unique.

Input: 3 3 9 1 6 5 8 1 5 3  
Output: 5

Input: 9 2 9 9 1 8 8 8 2 1 1 
Output: No winner
